while AI continues to write code for us
I am going to explain for you guys
exactly how to create a blockchain game
using AI with no coding experience the
power of artificial intelligence blows
my mind more and more every day and when
I realized I could actually do this oh
my gosh let's just say I've had many
existential crisis in a row but we can't
let ourselves get scared or overwhelmed
by AI we need to use the next couple of
years while we're still a little bit
smarter to try and get AI to do as much
for us and increase our productivity as
we can so without further Ado uh if this
sounds good to remember to drop a big
thumbs up hit subscribe if you have not
subscribed already uh let's get into it
really quickly so that you guys
understand the power of chat GPT look
and see how it made a game from scratch
both designed it and coded it and it
worked give me a super detailed
description of an action game that can
be coded in 150 lines or less it's
called orbital strike so now let's get
it to actually write the code for us
this is just showing you guys like if
this doesn't blow your mind right here
then I don't know what will blow your
mind we are going to try and run this
game and see what an AI just created for
us oh here we go we're in the game oh my
gosh I'm clicking the shoe I'm aiming
with my mouse
this is freaking epic it's giving me
scores when I kill these oh I just lost
a life actually
yes now that your guys's Minds have
probably been blown let's go
specifically into the topic of this
video so the very first thing that I
asked gbt for was are you able to code a
game that can write simple smart
contracts sign wallets and interact with
blockchains like ethereum if you can
explain the steps that would be
necessary to create a simple pong game
requiring an nft to play that must be
wagered through a smart contract to
enter a game with the winner
automatically getting the other players
nft so essentially I'm asking it create
a step-by-step guide for me exactly what
I need to do walk me through it like a
baby on how to create a very simple game
because we're going to start simple
where in order to play you have to have
an nft
um which hopefully has been given away
to everyone for free you have to have an
nft and then you play and whoever wins
because you entered a smart contract to
play gets the other person's nft just a
straight uh Winner Takes all simple
Style game and this is what it said it's
said okay well this is what you're gonna
have to do first learn the basics all
right I got that down if you guys don't
know the basics you can watch through my
whole video library uh but honestly you
can probably even skip this because it's
going to walk you through everything you
don't really need to know anything then
it says set up a development environment
which it can do for us completely create
an nft smart contract which it can do
for us completely create the wagering
smart contract once again in which it
can do for us display the uh deploy the
smart contracts this is where it's
supposed to get a little bit more
interesting compile and display uh
deploy the smart contracts to a local
test blockchain uh which it has already
uh helped us to download and walk it
through with a step-by-step build the
pawn game you guys already know it can
do this it could design it and code it
connect the game uh with the blockchain
so this is going to require us to
implement the front encode to interact
with the ethereum blockchain this should
include functions to authenticate users
query the nfts deposit nfts into the
wagering smart contract and withdraw the
winning so once again it already knows
everything it needs to do and we'll do
this for us and then also we have uh I
have to create a user interface for
wallet interaction test the game to play
the game and then finally promote the
game but there you guys go and like
literally if you remove some of these
pointless ones like maybe promoting the
game and learning the basics here uh
this is a nine step process to create an
nft game uh absolutely crazy imagine
that this existed if AI existed during
the last crypto bull market how many
more crappy crypto games you've had if
you guys are watching this please use
the power that I am giving you in this
video to create high quality Projects
please and also let's change blockchain
gaming the whole idea of it and give
away all of the stuff that players own
for free okay let's do that as well
um because because we really need a
change when people think when they think
of a game connected to the blockchain
real ownership should not be associated
with scam but right now it is which is
really really sad so I told it step one
complete uh which is like I know the
basics so for step two please give me
complete list of required applications I
need to install so it gave me this list
here uh which was super nice I said
great now let's set up our full
development environment which is what
step two was and here we go
literally walks us through this sets it
up for us and it's literally telling us
like create this file put this file
inside create this it's like literally
step by step it's not complicated at all
you're mostly just copying and pasting
stuff that's literally it I promise it's
absolutely crazy
um and then we're here so now I'm like
great now let's create the nft smart
contract write a smart contract using uh
solidity which is this is literally its
command it's it's part just pasted back
to it and it said okay yeah here here
you go so create a new file name pong
token.soul inside the contracts folder
of your truffle project which is what it
walked us through creating here uh step
by step just like it's doing here and it
says first create a file name okay and
then paste the following code once again
it's writing everything first you don't
need to know how to code you don't even
really need to know how the blockchain
works or how ethereum works because it
understands how it works completely as
an expert
um and it will perfectly write the
contracts to interact and if you get
errors it's also going to error solve
for you and then it says this contract
is using the open Zeppelin contracts
Library which provides pre-built tested
and secure implementation of common
token standards including ERC 721 make
sure to install
and here we go it's giving us more just
easy steps to follow and then it says
once you've created the nft smart
contract proceed with writing the
wagering spark contract uh and building
the pong game so now literally I can say
please write
the wagering smart contract for this
game and just to be safe I'm going to
say write the complete
uh when you drink smart contract for
this game and here we go here's the
simple example of a wagering smart
contract for the pong game that
interacts with the previously created
pong token nft contract this is like
this this doesn't
guys I don't know what will blow your
mind like this is just absolutely wild
stuff
um and here it goes it's just gonna
continue creating this game for us
um and yeah we can literally just
continue going like this
um we are limited to 25 prompts per
three hours
um but we could probably in a day I
don't know create three or four
different crypto games literally new
original crypto games in a day uh with a
couple uh tpg4 Premium Accounts
um that I mean guys if you can't clearly
see that my mind is blown here
um and if your minds aren't blown then
yeah I don't I don't know what would
have to happen it's like we literally
all those Marvel movies that we love
watching superheroes we have been given
superhero Powers the reason why game
developers are pissed off encoders are
pissed off is because now everyday
people like you and me can do the exact
same thing create the exact same
software that only coders used to be
able to make I feel like the amount of
software written the number of smart
contracts written just the number of of
games created is about to
go up by an order of magnitude maybe
multiple orders of magnitude that means
a 10x increase for a hundred X increase
because now everyone can do this stuff
so here we go the wagering smart
contract for the Palm pong game
interacts with the previously created
pong nft contract the contract allows
players to spot to deposit their tokens
the contract owner to create matches
between tokens and the contract owner to
in matches and determine the winner and
loser the contract uses innumerable set
from the open Zeppelin contracts library
to store the deposit tokens for each
player
and there you go it looks like it got
cut off here so if that happens we can
just say complete and it will continue
the in-match function allows the contact
number to end the match and transfer the
user's token to the winner so
um if I was actually now going to like
continue working with this and make this
a complete game
um I might uh just confirm with it here
after it's done writing this
um that this is going to be done
automatically
um and that the game is going to be able
to interact with this like be what's
controlling this contract and uh like do
the necessary things to make the
contract like so when someone actually
wins or loses the game the game should
have the function to literally uh say
this person won and then have the smart
contract do what it's going to do
um and yeah I'm sure that's something
that this gbd4 can do for us so
um I I'm not gonna continue going here
but I think I made my point
um this is just absolutely wild
um I'm probably gonna spend this weekend
actually making a crypto game and then
maybe just like show it off to you guys
I think that would be a pretty sweet
video so if you guys enjoyed this one um
and want to see where this goes remember
to hit subscribe hit thumbs up and have
fun making your own games uh your own
whatever you want I mean you can make
Dao smart you can code anything the
world is at your fingertips and I'll see
you guys in the next one